adding component structure chapter (#54)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/helpers.md

---
id: helpers
title: Helpers
sidebar_label: Helpers
---

> Each project has helpers classes that helps you with your project code and you generally reuse them all over the place. We tried to combine all our helpers in one place for convenience. The main difference is that we have helpers for different languages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each project has helper classes that help you with your project code. Helpers are parts of the code you reuse in various places in your code but don't belong to any specific service. We tried to combine all our helpers in one place for convenience. The main difference is that we have helpers for different languages:
```
